Add flink integration (#5613)
DataDog/integrations-core: flink/README.md

# Agent Check: flink

## Overview

This check monitors [Flink][1]. Datadog collects Flink metrics through Flink's
[Datadog HTTP Reporter][4], which uses [Datadog's HTTP API][2].

## Setup

### Installation

The Flink check is included in the [Datadog Agent][3] package.
No additional installation is needed on your server.

### Configuration

1. Configure the [Datadog HTTP Reporter][4] in Flink.

    Copy `<FLINK_HOME>/opt/flink-metrics-datadog-1.9.2.jar` into your `<FLINK_HOME>/lib` folder.

>     In your `<FLINK_HOME>/conf/flink-conf.yaml`, add these lines, replacing `<API_KEY>` with your Datadog API key:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In your `<FLINK_HOME>/conf/flink-conf.yaml`, add these lines, replacing `<DATADOG_API_KEY>` with your Datadog API key:
```

Reviewer: We should also add a link to: https://app.datadoghq.com/account/settings#api

Author: Updated!

    ```yaml
    metrics.reporter.dghttp.class: org.apache.flink.metrics.datadog.DatadogHttpReporter

>     metrics.reporter.dghttp.apikey: <API_KEY>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    metrics.reporter.dghttp.apikey: <DATADOG_API_KEY>
```

    ```

2. Re-map system scopes in your `<FLINK_HOME>/conf/flink-conf.yaml`.

    ```yaml
    metrics.scope.jm: flink.jobmanager
    metrics.scope.jm.job: flink.jobmanager.job
    metrics.scope.tm: flink.taskmanager
    metrics.scope.tm.job: flink.taskmanager.job
    metrics.scope.task: flink.task
    metrics.scope.operator: flink.operator
    ```

>     **Note**: The system scopes must be remapped for your Flink metrics to be supported, otherwise they will be submitted as cutom metrics.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    **Note**: The system scopes must be remapped for your Flink metrics to be supported, otherwise they will be submitted as custom metrics.
```

Author: Updated!

3. Configure additional [tags][4] in `<FLINK_HOME>/conf/flink-conf.yaml`.
    Here is an example of custom tags:

    ```yaml
    metrics.reporter.dghttp.tags: <KEY1>:<VALUE1>, <KEY1>:<VALUE2>
    ```

>     **Note**: By default, any variables in metric names will be sent as tags, so there is no need to add custom tags for `job_id`, `task_id`, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    **Note**: By default, any variables in metric names is sent as tags, so there is no need to add custom tags for `job_id`, `task_id`, etc.
```

Author: Updated! I changed this to 'are' instead of 'is'.

> 4. Restart Flink to start sending your Flink metrics to the Agent.

Reviewer: There seems to be no configuration required for the Agent, are we using DogStatsD or something?

Reviewer 3: This is a tile only integration

# Agent Check: flink

## Overview

This check monitors [Flink][1]. Datadog collects Flink metrics through Flink's
[Datadog HTTP Reporter][4], which uses [Datadog's HTTP API][2].

## Setup

### Installation

The Flink check is included in the [Datadog Agent][3] package.
No additional installation is needed on your server.

### Configuration

1. Configure the [Datadog HTTP Reporter][4] in Flink.

> Copy `<FLINK_HOME>/opt/flink-metrics-datadog-1.9.2.jar` into your `<FLINK_HOME>/lib` folder.

Reviewer 4: For the content under each step, can we indent them? For example:

```
1. step one
    <CONTENT>

2. step two
    <CONTENT>
     
```

> In your `<FLINK_HOME>/conf/flink-conf.yaml`, add these lines, replacing `xxx` with your Datadog API key:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
In your `<FLINK_HOME>/conf/flink-conf.yaml`, add these lines, replacing `<API_KEY>` with your Datadog API key:
```
Let's use placeholders

```yaml
metrics.reporter.dghttp.class: org.apache.flink.metrics.datadog.DatadogHttpReporter

> metrics.reporter.dghttp.apikey: xxx

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
metrics.reporter.dghttp.apikey: <API_KEY>
```

```

2. Re-map system scopes in your `<FLINK_HOME>/conf/flink-conf.yaml`.

```yaml
metrics.scope.jm: flink.jobmanager
metrics.scope.jm.job: flink.jobmanager.job
metrics.scope.tm: flink.taskmanager
metrics.scope.tm.job: flink.taskmanager.job
metrics.scope.task: flink.task
metrics.scope.operator: flink.operator
```

> Note that this step is optional for collecting metrics, but required if you want

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
**Note**: The system scopes must be remapped for your Flink metrics to be supported, otherwise they will be submitted as cutom metrics.
```

> your Flink metrics to be supported and not custom.

Reviewer 4: Can you combine the lines for the sentence here?

> 3. Add any [tags][4] you may want in your `<FLINK_HOME>/conf/flink-conf.yaml`.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
3. Configure additional [tags][4] in `<FLINK_HOME>/conf/flink-conf.yaml`.
```

Here is an example of custom tags:

```yaml

> metrics.reporter.dghttp.tags: host:tag1,tag2

Reviewer 4: does this mean a tag could look like `host:tag1` and `tag2` or `host:tag1` and `host:tag2`?

our config tag placeholders look like this https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/blob/master/active_directory/datadog_checks/active_directory/data/conf.yaml.example#L55-L57

```suggestion
metrics.reporter.dghttp.tags: <KEY1>:<VALUE1>, <KEY2>:<VALUE2>,
```

Author: This means that a tag can look like: `<KEY1>:<VALUE1>` or `<VALUE2>`.

Reviewer 4: nice, let's just keep officially documented type `<KEY1>:<VALUE1>` since our tags also support both of the above. See https://docs.datadoghq.com/tagging/#defining-tags (#4 specifically)

Author: Sounds good, updated!

```

> Note that as a default, any variables in metric names will be sent as tags,

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
**Note**: By default, any variables in metric names will be sent as tags
```

Reviewer 4: Lets also keep this sentence on one line
